Now I have an idea, I can go to Ruoxue,
Should his father promise me?
Please Xiaojun, please Xiaojun,
You don’t know what’s in your heart, you just came to shout,
Come and shout, what do you mean?
It’s just that he’s a rag-tag guy who comes and thinks about our eldest daughter.
Really, does he still do white people like this?
I really don’t want to be a director. Have you said enough?
When you say enough, get out of the way and go in to find Ruoxue.
What? You want to go in?
Have you come to sign and the industry has issued any orders to you?
If you dare to approach our eldest lady again,
If I hit you once, why don't you dare to go away?
I tell you my mother is back
I have listened to the analysis and comparison
If you withdraw, you want to keep me
Your mother is back
Is this the right way to work?
You're just a fool here, right?
Hit the steel, hurry up and leave
Otherwise, he
It’s Brother Chao
You can go to junior college on your own
You still want me to sit down quickly